README.md, before:

# Power Pages Code Components Demo
Thanks for stopping by! This is a demo of adding custom code components to a Power Pages site via web templates. This is a great way to add custom functionality to your site without having to use the PCF framework. This also frees you from having to attach your code components to a field or dataset. Videos are available on the Practical Power Platform channel on YouTube.

## Note
This repo will not make a lot of sense without watching the videos. I've included the code components in this repo for reference, but you will need to watch the videos to see how they work.

## 1-basic-accordion
This is a demo of how to create a basic accordion component that is compatible with Power Pages. This component will be inserted as a web template into a Power Pages site.

## 2-styled-accordion
This is a demo of how to create a styled accordion component that is compatible with Power Pages.

## 3-liquid-variables
This is a demo of how to extend our accordion component with liquid variables.

## 4-liquid-JSON
This is a demo of how to extend our accordion component with JSON parsing functionality to add further content to the accordion.

## 5-adding-bootstrap
This is a demo of how to implement a Bootstrap accordion component that is compatible with Power Pages.

Commit message:

Added intro to alpine and alpine in Power Pages

README.md, after:

# Power Pages Code Components Demo
Thanks for stopping by! This is a demo of adding custom code components to a Power Pages site via web templates. This is a great way to add custom functionality to your site without having to use the PCF framework. This also frees you from having to attach your code components to a field or dataset. Videos are available on the Practical Power Platform channel on YouTube.

## Note
This repo will not make much sense without watching the videos. I've included the code components in this repo for reference, but you will need to watch the videos to see how they work.

## 1-basic-accordion
This is a demo of how to create a basic accordion component that is compatible with Power Pages. This component will be inserted as a web template into a Power Pages site.

## 2-styled-accordion
This is a demo of how to create a styled accordion component that is compatible with Power Pages.

## 3-liquid-variables
This is a demo of how to extend our accordion component with liquid variables.

## 4-liquid-JSON
This is a demo of how to extend our accordion component with JSON parsing functionality to add further content to the accordion.

## 5-adding-bootstrap
This is a demo of how to implement a Bootstrap accordion component that is compatible with Power Pages.

## 6-intro-to-alpine
This is a demo of how to make a basic Alpine JS component.

## 7-alpine-in-Power-Pages
This is a demo of how to make an Alpine JS accordion component that is compatible with Power Pages.
